halo head and welcome to beach walks
with rocks today's show number 5 29 and
you can find us at beach watch TV ah as
you can see we're not at the beach today
but we want to share with you a ceremony
that was conducted for the outdoor
circle which is a non-profit here in
Hawaii that is keeps Hawaii clean green
and beautiful we've done an episode on
them in the past but today they're
celebrating the planting of some trees
along a median and cooperation with the
City and County of Honolulu so it's
special because of the many Hawaiian
traditions that you'll get to see on
display today from the sharing of lays
to our invited guests to having a
blessing of the ceremony so I hope you
enjoy it and I look forward to your
comments ok
so i'm here with how Nonni and lima
we're going to conduct the blessing for
the new trees and the mulching ceremony
and I'd like it if you just tell our
viewers a little bit about why we do
this here in Hawaii um in ancient Hawaii
chant and olli was something that people
did every day so what we do is use Olie
and chant to bring up the Spirit the
mana and to give our spirit to whatever
venture we're working with so in this
case that's putting in these beautiful
trees and the only that will be doing
today one asks for blessings and and
kind of an okay to do what we're doing
here the other one is a chant that my
sister wrote about the Coulomb mountains
and then we'll be ending with a chant of
gratitude and Mahalo and it's like I
said it's just a matter of allowing a
way of getting our spirit and our mana
to rise and go out to the world which I
think will benefit from aloha yes I
couldn't agree more and your sisters I
didn't realize that yes we're sisters I
got all the Holly blood and how many got
all the Hawaiian well you're both
beautiful and I really appreciate you
being with us here and sharing your
wisdom with with the beach walks viewers
say hello thank you Aloha Aloha so this
is Sharon Gary you're the president of
the lani kaluha outdoor circle chapter
we have several chapters of the main
organization yeah and so you're the
genius behind this project no no I'm the
new president of the lani kaluha outdoor
circle so I'm the one who's who has come
up to bat now after all these other
ladies have done all the hard work at
getting this up to this point so I just
get to stand here and appreciate what
they've done but well tell us who
provides the trees in a situation like
this in this situation city and county
provided the trees the lani kaluha
outdoor circles provided the funding for
the planting of the trees and then the
trees are going to need love and support
to establish who takes care of the
maintenance outdoor circle has a
wonderful policy of not planting
anything unless it's going to be careful
we don't just put things in the ground
and walk away and watch them wither so
city and county it's
County property so they're going to be
watering and maintaining the trees until
they take and then they'll be part of
the regular maintenance fantastic well
thank you so much and thanks for letting
us be here with you Mahalo hello a
kakaya Kakaako good morning everyone
Aloha thank you for that beautiful oly
this morning it's always a pleasure to
come to kailua especially when it has to
do with something that's going to keep
Kailua clean green and beautiful and I
want to keep thanking the lani kaluha
outdoor circle for not only having one
of the greatest parties in town called I
love Kyle or that I attend religiously
each and every year because it's a great
way to come in and see what this great
organization is doing and a wonderful
community service it really helps us
when an organization steps up and
provides a gift to the city and thank
you very much for the 15,300 somewhat
dollars that you've come up with we
thank you it was a really easy project
for us all we did was write the check
Harrington all the rest so we really
appreciate the part that wasn't is easy
just to write a check because
fundraising it still has to be done and
you have many choices to do and we're so
glad that your choice was work with us
and help us with this tree ha ha ha my
knowledge my we acha
yah mahalo a rock wall mahalo a knock
Piniella AR Mahalo Mickey Aloha Mahalo
lick yo la la
ah Mahalo